content/fr/become-a-sponsor.md, before:

---
title: Devenez un sponsor
slug: become-a-sponsor
top_graphic: 4
lastmod: 2019-01-28
menu:
  main:
    weight: 40
    parent: donate
---

## Pourquoi devenir un sponsor ?

Il est temps pour les communications chiffrées de devenir la norme sur le Web et Let's Encrypt va le réaliser. Nos certificats sont utilisés pour chiffrer des dizaines de millions de sites web, ce qui a quadruplé le taux de croissance de l'utilisation du protocole HTTPS sur le Web depuis son lancement au quatrième trimestre 2015.

 C'est énorme, et nous voulons que vous en fassiez partie. Aidez-nous à ouvrir la voie à un avenir sécurisé pour le Web.

## Parrainage d'entreprise

{{< become-a-sponsor
  platinum="Platine"
  gold="Or"
  gold_basic="Or Basic"
  silver="Argent"
>}}

Si vous souhaitez devenir un sponsor d'entreprise, merci d'envoyer un email à [sponsor@letsencrypt.org](mailto:sponsor@letsencrypt.org).

Si le parrainage n'est pas une option pour votre organisation, vous pouvez envisager de simplement {{<link "faire un don" "/donate" >}}.

## Notre organisation

Let's Encrypt est géré par un organisme à but non lucratif appelé [Internet Security Research Group](https://www.abetterinternet.org/) (ISRG). La mission de l'ISRG est de réduire les barrières financières, technologiques et éducatives pour sécuriser les communications sur Internet.

ISRG est une société d'utilité publique en Californie, et est reconnue par l'IRS comme une organisation exonérée d'impôt en vertu de l'article 501\(c\)(3) de l'Internal Revenue Code.

Commit message:

New translations become-a-sponsor.md (French)

content/fr/become-a-sponsor.md, after:

---
title: Become a Sponsor
slug: become-a-sponsor
top_graphic: 4
lastmod: 2019-08-29
menu:
  main:
    weight: 40
    parent: donate
---

## Why Become a Sponsor?

It's time for encrypted communications to be the default on the Web and Let's Encrypt is going to make it happen. Our certificates are used to encrypt tens of millions of websites, which has helped the HTTPS growth rate on the Web to quadruple since we launched in Q4 2015.

This is big, and we want you to be a part of it. Help us lead the way to a secure future for the Web.

## Corporate Sponsorship

<!-- Note for translators: words in quotes need to be translated -->
{{< become-a-sponsor platinum="Platinum" gold="Gold" gold_basic="Gold Basic" silver="Silver"
> }}

If you'd like to become a corporate sponsor please email [sponsor@letsencrypt.org](mailto:sponsor@letsencrypt.org).

If sponsorship is not an option for your organization please consider simply {{<link "donating" ">}} any amount.

## Our Organization

Let's Encrypt is operated by a non-profit called [Internet Security Research Group](https://www.abetterinternet.org/) (ISRG). ISRG’s mission is to reduce financial, technological, and education barriers to secure communication over the Internet.

ISRG is a California public benefit corporation, and is recognized by the IRS as a tax-exempt organization under Section 501\(c\)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.
